IGNITE-26356 Clarify recommendations for -XX:MaxDirectMemorySize in docs (#12347)
apache/ignite: docs/_docs/perf-and-troubleshooting/memory-tuning.adoc

[NOTE]
====
If you use link:persistence/native-persistence[Ignite native persistence], we recommend relying on the JVM default for direct memory. By default, the JVM allows direct buffers grow up to the Java heap size (-Xmx), which is sufficient in most cases.

> If you need an explicit limit, set `-XX:MaxDirectMemorySize` to at least `walSegmentSize * 4` (256 MB with the default WAL settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to override default limit for direct memory size, you should set `-XX:MaxDirectMemorySize` to at least `walSegmentSize * 4` (256 MB with the default WAL settings).
```
